So, in our last video,
we actually took it off the inferior parts.
You got an inferior key. You also make sure that you have human mask seed in everything.
So, this is what the file would look like.
So, you're giving it to environments,
because we're going to deploy it to our local network,
and then we're also going to deploy to the rinkeby network.
So, once you have setup,
there's another thing that you would like to take care of
is you have to create inside the migrations folder.
I've already done that. You're going to create.
So, by default, this is only further it comes with, the 1_initial_migrations.js.
What I normally like to do, I just copy this code,
and I create a file,
and this is the name of the file that specifically need to have, 2_deploy_contracts.js.
I would just paste it,
then I'm going to change it to my name.
So, in my case, the name of my token is sampleToken.
It's coming from the sampleToken.SOL that we just created,
and then you're exporting it.
So, what is happening in this file is that,
inside this file, we first get an instance of the contract that we need to deploy.
We're getting an instance using var sample token,
and then we write a function that will be called when we call truffle migrate.
Now, inside this function,
the bytecode for this smart contract is deployed to the Ethereum network.
All contracts that need to be deployed need to be added to this file.
They only have one contract for now,
but if you add more contracts,
make sure you add them here.
Also wanted to add, you can always ask constructor in initial values.
If there's a constructor,
in our case, we didn't have that,
but we're already setting our initial value to be fixed in this case.
But if your constructor had an input argument,
it received, we can write it right after the comma right there.
We don't need it, so I just wanted to give you that information.
Now, once this is all set up,
we're all setup with the coding part.
So, again, to recap, inside the Migrations folder,
we created this file, and then we
also edited a truffle.js file to add all this information.
So, we have two networks available.
We can deploy to a local network using truffle develop,
and then we're also going to deploy it to rinkeby.
So, we are all setting with the core, set up with the coding part.
So, now lets go deploy, the fun part.
So, I'm going to do the first, deploy the locally running network.
For the locally running network,
let's go open up our terminal back again.
Now, we're all set with the coding part of it,
now we're going to go deploy it.
I'm going to show you two ways.
In this video, we will deploy it to a locally running network,
and we're going to run it using a truffle develop command.
In the next video, we will actually deploy it to
the main rinkeby network using
an inferior key that we just created in one of our previous videos.
So, now get started to deploy it.
We're going to first of all run our local network with the UDL.
You do that is using truffle develop.
Now, you will see it starts to run in just about maybe another five or ten seconds,
and if you see it gave you bunch of accounts.
If you see, this is the port number,
the port 9545, if you remember the truffle,
our config file, the config.js file,
we had a port number for a locally running network to be 9545.
This is where the port number is coming from,
because by default, the truffle runs a local network on this port.
It gives you all these ten accounts with the ten private keys and a mnemonic.
Now, once we've done that,
the next thing you want to do is compile your contract.
For that, all you would say is compiled.
Since we're inside console,
we don't need to say truffle compile,
just compile. That's it.
It's going to compile a contract for us.
Fantastic. So, you've compiled it.
The next thing you want to do is migrate it to the local network.
For that, the command is just simple, migrate.
Now, if you've already migrated at once,
you might want to do reset flag.
Since I've done that, I'm just going to say hyphen hyphen reset.
You don't have to do that if that's the first time you're doing a migrate.
Now, what typically migrant does,
it just deploys the contract on the locally running network.
So, pretty fast. It's already done it.
It also gave us an address back.
This is the address of the sample token.
It's one that we just deployed. This is the address.
Now, since we are running on just a local network right now,
you really can't do anything or going ether crown to check it,
which we will do in the next video when we deploy it to a public network.
But in this case, it's just a local network,
it deployed it, and that's the contract address back.
Fantastic. So, in the next video,
we are going to deploy our token to a public rinkeby network using inferior key.